I guess it's the end the fruition I hope
you're doing really well today why don't
we make some muscles in a spicy tomato
sauce but we're going to use a vodka
sauce you know like penne alla vodka
sauce for this kinda sorta
this is absolutely splendid very easy to
make let's make this
I'm going to cook this in my electric
wok so that you can see what I'm doing
better obviously you can make this in
any skill that you want so I'm going to
add some olive oil and I'm going to add
a finely chopped onion
we want to cook this for a few minutes
until it's nice and softened and
translucent I'm gonna add four garlic
cloves which I minced cook that for a
couple minutes and so you can smell it
one minute I'm going to add twenty eight
ounces of chopped tomatoes these are
actually whole tomatoes I just chopped
them you can use crushed you can use you
know chopped the spine I'm going to add
some all right up teaspoon of sugar
always this is optional I'm going to put
half a teaspoon of chili pepper in camp
all right a pickup of vodka
alright I'm gonna lower the heat and let
this cook for about seven minutes so all
that alcohol evaporates okay I'm gonna
season this with salt and pepper taste
it and season it like you like okay now
we're gonna put the mussels in here I
agree I'm gonna be using green shelled
mussels they already come in the half
shell so I'm gonna put them in the air
steam it for about three four minutes
and they're ready if you're using whole
mussels
you're going to have to wait until they
all open which should take about the
same time the ones that don't open you
get rid of okay they're not they're not
okay I'm gonna cover this and I'm gonna
let this thing for four minutes max you
should do the same regardless of if you
have the whole shell or not okay
okay these are done so I'm gonna fish
them out and put them in a bowl and now
I'm going to add half a cup of cream hi
this is just heavy cream we really don't
want that to boil we want it to just you
know heat through I'm going to taste
this for salt no it's perfect I'm gonna
return the mussels heat them a little
more and serve I'm gonna sprinkle a
little bit of basil leaves that I
chopped you can serve this with pasta if
you would like I'm going to serve it as
is with bread all right guys this is
beautiful it's perfect it's so delicious
mmm Wow now that's excellent that sauce
is nice and spicy it's creamy it's got
all that tomato in it but little chili
oh my god and you know of course those
muscles are nice and sweet mmm
this is perfect as I said where I'm
gonna just eat this with bread I'm just
gonna stop my bread in the sauce gosh
excellent thank you for watching this
video I really appreciate it
I hope you liked it if you didn't you
give me a like thank you very much as we
share it thank you thank you and if you
haven't some all you gotta do is click
right here and thank you for that I will
have this recipe on the website wait if
you guys come in print it in the
meantime be well without going broke I'm
gonna see you guys soon